Add learning goals for Mobility tutorials (#2883)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/services/plan-motion-with-arm-gripper.md

no_list: true
---

> With Viam you can move individual components, like [an arm](../accessing-and-moving-robot-arm/) by issuing command like `MoveToPosition()` or `MoveToJointPosition`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Viam you can move individual components, like [arms](../accessing-and-moving-robot-arm/), by issuing commands like `MoveToPosition` or `MoveToJointPosition`.
```
or "an individual component, like an arm"

The [motion service](/mobility/motion/) enables you to do much more sophisticated movement involving one or many components of your robot.

> The service abstracts the lower level commands away so that you can call the `Move()` command with the desired destination position in a frame, alongside any obstacles and geometries attached to your machine, and the service will move your machine to the desired location for you.

Reviewer: I think this can focus more on the general concept without needing to talk about frames or geometries yet.
```suggestion
The service abstracts the lower-level commands away so that instead of passing in a series of joint positions, you can call the `Move()` command with the desired destination and any obstacles, and the service will move your machine to the desired location for you.
```
